Add documentation creation (#50)
akka/akka-projection: docs/src/main/paradox/overview.md

# Overview

.

## Project Info

@@project-info{ projectId="core" }

## Dependencies

This plugin requires **Akka $akka.version$** or later. See [Akka's Binary Compatibility Rules](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/common/binary-compatibility-rules.html) for details.

@@dependency [sbt,Maven,Gradle] {
  group=com.typesafe.akka
  artifact=akka-projection_$scala.binary.version$
  version=$project.version$
  symbol=AkkaVersion
  value=$akka.version$
  group1=com.typesafe.akka
  artifact1=akka-stream_$scala.binary.version$
  version1=AkkaVersion
}

Note that it is important that all `akka-*` dependencies are in the same version, so it is recommended to depend on them explicitly to avoid problems with transient dependencies causing an unlucky mix of versions.

> The table below shows Akka Projection’s direct dependencies and the second tab shows all libraries it depends on transitively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below shows Akka Projection's direct dependencies and the second tab shows all libraries it depends on transitively.
```
